StudentTECH
Workshop Assistants
Workshops
Introduction to Java
MIT App Inventor
Introduction to Premiere Pro
Introduction to Scratch
Introduction to Pencil Code
Build Your own Biomes
Introduction to  Photoshop
Build Your own Skateboard
Underwater  ROVs
Intermediate Robotics 101
Scratch Workshop
Introduction to Mathematica
Art of Code
Advanced Robotics 102
App Inventor  Workshop
Interested in both teaching and computer science, Sayan Chatterjee applied to the REHS internship program as a SDSC Education and Outreach Social Media Assistant. Since elementary school, Sayan has taken part in several science fairs, each covering a different field of science. Sayan is very excited to work in an environment that is surrounded by technology and being able to assist the youth. Currently, Sayan is designing coursework for younger students interested in computer science. Throughout the summer, his plans are to improve his teaching abilities, to become more involved with recent software, and learn new programming languages. For the future, he is almost certain he will become a software engineer.
As a lead technician and course assistant, Zach Van Hyfte improves the security and operating components of the workshop computers at San Diego Supercomputer Center. He always liked science but was never particularly drawn to any of the hard sciences. However, he was specifically intrigued by computers and computer science. This likely stemmed from having his own computer, a beige Windows 98 tower, to play around with and explore as a four year old. As an aspiring software developer, Zach applied to REHS to take his existing skills to a new level by shifting to a new setting previously unavailable to him. Re-imaging and upgrading parts, improving performance, installing new software, and standardizing systems were among the jobs Zach did. By the conclusion of Zach’s time at SDSC, he had gained solid experience doing common IT tasks and working in collaborative and individual job environments.
